README.md, before:

# khalil-illumio-takehome-assignment
Take home assessment for Illumio.

## Steps to Run
1. Add lookup table csv file to project (I provided a sample one named lookup-table.csv)
2. Run python parse_flow_log.py.
3. Output.txt file will be created with necessary data.
## Description 

Write a program that can parse a file containing flow log data and maps each row to a tag based on a lookup table. The lookup table is defined as a csv file, and it has 3 columns, dstport,protocol,tag.   The dstport and protocol combination decide what tag can be applied. **NOTE: Only version 2 is supported.**

Sample flow logs (default logs, version 2 only). 

2 123456789012 eni-0a1b2c3d 10.0.1.201 198.51.100.2 443 49153 6 25 20000 1620140761 1620140821 ACCEPT OK 

 2 123456789012 eni-4d3c2b1a 192.168.1.100 203.0.113.101 23 49154 6 15 12000 1620140761 1620140821 REJECT OK 

 2 123456789012 eni-5e6f7g8h 192.168.1.101 198.51.100.3 25 49155 6 10 8000 1620140761 1620140821 ACCEPT OK 

 2 123456789012 eni-9h8g7f6e 172.16.0.100 203.0.113.102 110 49156 6 12 9000 1620140761 1620140821 ACCEPT OK 

 2 123456789012 eni-7i8j9k0l 172.16.0.101 192.0.2.203 993 49157 6 8 5000 1620140761 1620140821 ACCEPT OK 

 2 123456789012 eni-6m7n8o9p 10.0.2.200 198.51.100.4 143 49158 6 18 14000 1620140761 1620140821 ACCEPT OK 

 2 123456789012 eni-1a2b3c4d 192.168.0.1 203.0.113.12 1024 80 6 10 5000 1620140661 1620140721 ACCEPT OK 

 2 123456789012 eni-1a2b3c4d 203.0.113.12 192.168.0.1 80 1024 6 12 6000 1620140661 1620140721 ACCEPT OK 

 2 123456789012 eni-1a2b3c4d 10.0.1.102 172.217.7.228 1030 443 6 8 4000 1620140661 1620140721 ACCEPT OK 

 2 123456789012 eni-5f6g7h8i 10.0.2.103 52.26.198.183 56000 23 6 15 7500 1620140661 1620140721 REJECT OK 

 2 123456789012 eni-9k10l11m 192.168.1.5 51.15.99.115 49321 25 6 20 10000 1620140661 1620140721 ACCEPT OK 

 2 123456789012 eni-1a2b3c4d 192.168.1.6 87.250.250.242 49152 110 6 5 2500 1620140661 1620140721 ACCEPT OK 

 2 123456789012 eni-2d2e2f3g 192.168.2.7 77.88.55.80 49153 993 6 7 3500 1620140661 1620140721 ACCEPT OK 

 2 123456789012 eni-4h5i6j7k 172.16.0.2 192.0.2.146 49154 143 6 9 4500 1620140661 1620140721 ACCEPT OK 

 

For e.g.  the lookup table file can be something like: 

dstport,protocol,tag 

25,tcp,sv_P1 

68,udp,sv_P2 

23,tcp,sv_P1 

31,udp,SV_P3 

443,tcp,sv_P2 

22,tcp,sv_P4 

3389,tcp,sv_P5 

0,icmp,sv_P5 

110,tcp,email 

993,tcp,email 

143,tcp,email 

 

The program should generate an output file containing the following: 

Count of matches for each tag, sample o/p shown below 
 

Tag Counts: 

Tag,Count 

sv_P2,1 

sv_P1,2 

sv_P4,1 

email,3 

Untagged,9          

Count of matches for each port/protocol combination 
Port/Protocol Combination Counts: 

 Port,Protocol,Count 

22,tcp,1 

23,tcp,1 

25,tcp,1 

110,tcp,1 

143,tcp,1 

443,tcp,1 

993,tcp,1 

1024,tcp,1 

49158,tcp,1 

80,tcp,1 

 
## Requirement details 

1. Input file as well as the file containing tag mappings are plain text (ascii) files  
2. The flow log file size can be up to 10 MB 
3. The lookup file can have up to 10000 mappings 
4. The tags can map to more than one port, protocol combinations.  for e.g. sv_P1 and sv_P2 in the sample above. 
5. The matches should be case insensitive

Commit message:

Update to check if lookup table port, protocol exists and log and only count the tally of those within log

README.md, after:

# khalil-illumio-takehome-assignment
Take home assessment for Illumio.

## Assumptions
1. Only version 2 flow logs are supported.
2. All elements in flow log entry map to correct field.
   3. Ex: 2 123456789012 eni-0a1b2c3d 10.0.1.201 198.51.100.2 443 49153 6 25 20000 1620140761 1620140821 ACCEPT OK
      4. 49153 is port, 6 is protocol
5. Only store first 10 (0-10) Assigned Internet Protocol Numbers

## Steps to Run
1. Add lookup table csv file to project (I provided a sample one named lookup-table.csv)
2. Run python parse_flow_log.py.
3. Output.txt file will be created with necessary data.
## Description 

Write a program that can parse a file containing flow log data and maps each row to a tag based on a lookup table. The lookup table is defined as a csv file, and it has 3 columns, dstport,protocol,tag.   The dstport and protocol combination decide what tag can be applied. **NOTE: Only version 2 is supported.**

Sample flow logs (default logs, version 2 only). 

2 123456789012 eni-0a1b2c3d 10.0.1.201 198.51.100.2 443 49153 6 25 20000 1620140761 1620140821 ACCEPT OK 

 2 123456789012 eni-4d3c2b1a 192.168.1.100 203.0.113.101 23 49154 6 15 12000 1620140761 1620140821 REJECT OK 

 2 123456789012 eni-5e6f7g8h 192.168.1.101 198.51.100.3 25 49155 6 10 8000 1620140761 1620140821 ACCEPT OK 

 2 123456789012 eni-9h8g7f6e 172.16.0.100 203.0.113.102 110 49156 6 12 9000 1620140761 1620140821 ACCEPT OK 

 2 123456789012 eni-7i8j9k0l 172.16.0.101 192.0.2.203 993 49157 6 8 5000 1620140761 1620140821 ACCEPT OK 

 2 123456789012 eni-6m7n8o9p 10.0.2.200 198.51.100.4 143 49158 6 18 14000 1620140761 1620140821 ACCEPT OK 

 2 123456789012 eni-1a2b3c4d 192.168.0.1 203.0.113.12 1024 80 6 10 5000 1620140661 1620140721 ACCEPT OK 

 2 123456789012 eni-1a2b3c4d 203.0.113.12 192.168.0.1 80 1024 6 12 6000 1620140661 1620140721 ACCEPT OK 

 2 123456789012 eni-1a2b3c4d 10.0.1.102 172.217.7.228 1030 443 6 8 4000 1620140661 1620140721 ACCEPT OK 

 2 123456789012 eni-5f6g7h8i 10.0.2.103 52.26.198.183 56000 23 6 15 7500 1620140661 1620140721 REJECT OK 

 2 123456789012 eni-9k10l11m 192.168.1.5 51.15.99.115 49321 25 6 20 10000 1620140661 1620140721 ACCEPT OK 

 2 123456789012 eni-1a2b3c4d 192.168.1.6 87.250.250.242 49152 110 6 5 2500 1620140661 1620140721 ACCEPT OK 

 2 123456789012 eni-2d2e2f3g 192.168.2.7 77.88.55.80 49153 993 6 7 3500 1620140661 1620140721 ACCEPT OK 

 2 123456789012 eni-4h5i6j7k 172.16.0.2 192.0.2.146 49154 143 6 9 4500 1620140661 1620140721 ACCEPT OK 

 

For e.g.  the lookup table file can be something like: 

dstport,protocol,tag 

25,tcp,sv_P1 

68,udp,sv_P2 

23,tcp,sv_P1 

31,udp,SV_P3 

443,tcp,sv_P2 

22,tcp,sv_P4 

3389,tcp,sv_P5 

0,icmp,sv_P5 

110,tcp,email 

993,tcp,email 

143,tcp,email 

 

The program should generate an output file containing the following: 

Count of matches for each tag, sample o/p shown below 
 

Tag Counts: 

Tag,Count 

sv_P2,1 

sv_P1,2 

sv_P4,1 

email,3 

Untagged,9          

Count of matches for each port/protocol combination 
Port/Protocol Combination Counts: 

 Port,Protocol,Count 

22,tcp,1 

23,tcp,1 

25,tcp,1 

110,tcp,1 

143,tcp,1 

443,tcp,1 

993,tcp,1 

1024,tcp,1 

49158,tcp,1 

80,tcp,1 

 
## Requirement details 

1. Input file as well as the file containing tag mappings are plain text (ascii) files  
2. The flow log file size can be up to 10 MB 
3. The lookup file can have up to 10000 mappings 
4. The tags can map to more than one port, protocol combinations.  for e.g. sv_P1 and sv_P2 in the sample above. 
5. The matches should be case insensitive
